---
title: "\"Everybody lies\" - my first book of 2022"
date: 2022-01-18
categories:
  - Book Review
tags:
  - Books
  - Analytics
#layout: splash
show_date: true
author_profile: true
---
  
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/everybody_lies_cropped.jpeg" alt="Everybody Lies by Seth Stephens-Davidowitz" caption="Everybody Lies by Seth Stephens-Davidowitz" %}


I just finished my first book of 2022 - **"Everybody Lies: Big Data, New Data, and What the Internet Can Tell Us About Who We Really Are"** by Seth Stephens-Davidowitz. 

It's an easy read full of insights into human behaviour, and it reminded me of **Freakonomics** by Steven D. Levitt. Although I can't entirely agree with all observations and conclusions, I enjoyed it and would recommend reading it. 

Here are some of my takeaways:

1. What people say and what they think and do is not the same. And because of that, you have to rely on both qualitative and quantitative analysis. 
2. It's hard to predict what would struct a chord with your customers - constantly design and conduct AB tests to optimize messages and product features. 
3. Don't mix correlation with causality. Correlation is simply a relation of A and B, while causation explicitly applies to cases where action A causes outcome B. 


Here is my book wish for this year. This is a living and breathing thing and it's probably going to change as a year goes by but for now, this is a plan:

- **Team Topologies** by Matthew Skelton, Manuel Pais 
- **Empowered** by Marty Cagan, Chris Jones
- **Superforecasting** by Philip E. Tetlock, Dan Gardner 
- **Deep Work** by Cal Newport
- **Essentialism** by Greg McKeown
- **Digital Minimalism** by Cal Newport
- **Indistractable** by Nir Eyal, Julie Li
- **Irresistible** by Adam Alter
- **The Black Swan** by Nassim Nicholas Taleb 
- **The World As I See It** by Albert Einstein
- **Shoe Dog** by Phil Knight
- **AI 2041** by by Kai-Fu Lee, Chen Qiufan
- **AI Superpowers** by Kai-Fu Lee
- **Maybe You Should Talk to Someone** by Lori Gottlieb


Here is a list of books I read in 2021. Most of these books are great and I enjoyed almost all of them. 

- **The Design of Everyday Things** by Donald A. Norman
- **The Lean Product Playbook** by Dan Olsen
- **Good Strategy Bad Strategy** by Richard P. Rumelt
- **Working Backwards** by Colin Bryar, Bill Carr
- **Swipe to Unlock** by Parth Detroja, Neel Mehta, Aditya Agashe
- **Think Again** by Adam M. Gran
- **Rework** by Jason Fried, David Heinemeier Hansson
- **How to lie with statistics** by Darrell Huff
- **Trillion Dollar Coach** by Eric Schmidt, Jonathan Rosenberg, Alan Eagle
- **Can't Hurt Me** by David Goggin
- **No Rules Rules** by Reed Hastings, Erin Meyer
- **Designing Voice User Interfaces** by Cathy Pear
- **The Almanack of Naval Ravikant** by Eric Jorgenson
- **The Psychology of Money** by Morgan House
- **The Alchemist** by Paulo Coelho
- **Siddhartha** by Hermann Hesse
